Release notes and migration guide ready to merge (#2370)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.0-release-notes-overview.adoc

= TinyMCE 6.0 release overview
:navtitle: Overview
:description: TinyMCE 6.0 Release notes overview
:keywords: releasenotes, new, changes, bugfixes, breaking changes

include::partial$misc/admon-releasenotes-for-stable.adoc[]

== Overview

> {productname} 6.0 was released for {enterpriseversion} and {cloudname} on <<`+WEEKDAY+`, `+MMM+` `+D+``+st|nd|th+`, `+YYYY+`>>. It includes {productname} 6.0 and additional changes to premium plugins. These release notes provide an overview of the changes for {productname} 6.0, including:

Reviewer: Need to update the date here. It should now be tomorrow's date I believe. @lnewson ?

Reviewer 2: Yeah that sounds right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{productname} 6.0 was released for {enterpriseversion} and {cloudname} on Thursday, April 6th, 2022. It includes {productname} 6.0 and additional changes to premium plugins. These release notes provide an overview of the changes for {productname} 6.0, including:
```
I'm not sure how to make the "th" superscript though sorry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{productname} 6.0 was released for {enterpriseversion} and {cloudname} on Thursday, April 7^th^, 2022. It includes {productname} 6.0 and additional changes to premium plugins. These release notes provide an overview of the changes for {productname} 6.0, including:
```
This just fixes the date and adds the markup to make `th` superscript.
